react navigation uses @react-native-masked-view/masked-view (#16725)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/masked-view.md

**`@react-native-masked-view/masked-view`** provides a masked view which only displays the pixels that overlap with the view rendered in its mask element.

> > ⚠️ You can only have one of either `@react-native-community/masked-view` (deprecated) or `@react-native-masked-view/masked-view` installed in your project at any given time. React Navigation v6.x requires `@react-native-masked-view/masked-view`, so you should use that package instead if you are using React Navigation v6.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ You can only have one of either `@react-native-community/masked-view` (deprecated) or `@react-native-masked-view/masked-view` installed in your project at any given time. React Navigation v6 and above requires `@react-native-masked-view/masked-view`, so you should use that package instead if you are using the latest version of React Navigation.
```

Just a small wording change.
